3.1. Transparent Address Assignment

   NAT binds addresses in private network with addresses in global
   network and vice versa to provide transparent routing for the
   datagrams traversing between address realms. 
   Address binding is done at the start of a session.
   
   3.1.1. Static Address assignment:
   In the case of static address assignment, there is one-to-one address
   mapping for hosts between a private network address and an external
   network address for the lifetime of NAT operation.
   
   3.1.2. Dynamic Address assignment:
   In this case, external addresses are assigned to private network
   hosts or vice versa, dynamically based on usage requirements and
   session flow determined heuristically by NAT. When the last session
   using an address binding is terminated, NAT would free the binding so
   that the global address could be recycled for later use.

3.2. Transparent routing

   There are three phases to Address translation, as follows. Together
   these phases result in creation, maintenance and termination of state
   for sessions passing through NAT devices.
   
   3.2.1. Address binding:
   Address binding is the phase in which a local node IP address is
   associated with an external address or vice versa, for purposes of
   translation. Address binding is fixed with static address assignments
   and is dynamic at session startup time with dynamic address
   assignments. Once the binding between two addresses is in place, all
   subsequent sessions originating from or to this host will use the
   same binding for session based packet translation.

   New address bindings are made at the start of a new session, if such
   an address binding didn't already exist. Once a local address is
   bound to an external address, all subsequent sessions originating
   from the same local address or directed to the same local address
   will use the same binding.

   The start of each new session will result in the creation of a state
   to facilitate translation of datagrams pertaining to the session.
   There can be many simultaneous sessions originating from the same
   host, based on a single address binding.
   
   3.2.2. Address lookup and translation:
   Once a state is established for a session, all packets belonging to
   the session will be subject to address lookup and translation.
   
   Address or transport identifier translation for a datagram will
   result in the datagram forwarding from the origin address realm to
   the destination address realm with network addresses appropriately
   updated.
   
   3.2.3. Address unbinding:
   Address unbinding is the phase in which a private address is no
   longer associated with a global address for purposes of translation.
   NAT will perform address unbinding when it believes that the last
   session using an address binding has terminated.
   
3.3. ICMP error packet translation
     All ICMP error messages (with the exception of Redirect message type)
   will need to be modified, when passed through NAT. The ICMP error
   message types needing NAT modification would include Destination-
   Unreachable, Source-Quench, Time-Exceeded and Parameter-Problem.  NAT
   should not attempt to modify a Redirect message type. See https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2663#section-3.2.1 for modifications.
